I understand youtube media I hope that
be of the best today and good
Well, the time has passed since I went up
my last video on how to improve the
vector thinking leave in the description
for new subscribers who do not
have seen that probably all already
they must have seen it because it was my
most recent video
Well, if I'm not going to waste a lot of time
saying why I was not going up
videos because the truth is that for
what for what to waste time what yes
it surprises me is the amount of people
they ask me
by facebook or by xbox or by youtube me
they ask why I do not upload videos and
The truth is that I realize that a
many people really in truth in
You really like my videos, I think
which are videos as well as simple but
it seems that you really value them
much and good that, because the truth is that
It makes me happy and it's very good and it motivates me
to continue uploading videos that's why
coming out this video that is titled how
play or how to be better at free for
all against all
and then practically for any type
of broth and you can serve you are going to
serve these tips good advice
number one
just stay in a place where I
I mean with this you are not moving
so much you are not moving around the
map as you should generally
do in other types of game this goes on
against what I say against me
mode of my game style but if
you're just not moving so much
just stay in one place for
example here I would stay in my place
of appearances I answer I stayed
here and then towers of all appeared to me
very close to my time the truth then
this there is no need to move
if we continue to feel advice use
silencer the muffler is vital in
all against all you do not want all
they come to you like a swarm and then you
kill fast truth because what you want
is to be alive to be able to kill and
kill and kill and why and for what point
go up faster because free for al no
you can not change because you're going to
win those that are moving me by
example I was very active responds
I was seeing who was approaching whom
did not approach and if you have
silenced the truth is that it is very good
because you are hunting them inside your
own area that in this case was my
place of appearance and then if you feel
advice use low gusts the gusts
casualties are vital in all against all
because there are no objectives that help you
get points easier as it is in
domination here to capture a flag and
he tells you as if they had killed two
people
and then in all against all simply
they give you I think 100 points for each drop
and then you can not use high gusts
and then if that would be the advice I would
example brought web and brought against
and it brought the centric ones / it's very good
I like it a lot because I just leave it
in one place and I'm going to cover the other
side of my own area that as I said
it's the rhythm
for example I put my in wheat on the side
left and I'm going to cover the
right and between the two then we do
claws to the opposites
and then yes friends those would be the three
vital points that I always take in
tell how I'm playing all against
everyone
and then, friends, the gameplay is already
end unfortunately it is very
sad I know, I know, but I'll go
to upload another video soon I will not be
absent so long
like the last time and before saying goodbye
I want to ask you what advice
They want me to come up for example
can you ask me how to get a title
or how do I do not know profession more effective
or easier or how to get more streaks
I think it high up a video but not
I know how something better explained or is that
is the point of the idea that you
say they want what advice they want
that I tell you about Carlos de
whites 2 a short or any other call
of duty
and then yes let us in the comments I
I'll take it into account I read all the
whether comments seriously believe me
although I answer them I read them and yes yes many
thanks for watching your crystals like and
comments on that the tzolkin google and
finish them the next video bye bye